That’s a heavy one, Son.
Let me help you.
I can do it, Papa.
You’re going to hurt yourself, Son.
Now, I need someone
to prepare the talking machine.
I can do it.
Off you go, then.
I was born on December 4, 1916,
at a place called Sharon, Pennsylvania.
I’m 102 years old.
My father took
the “Photo-Drama of Creation” around.
I’m very appreciative of my parents,
what they did.
In 1931, I attended
the convention in Columbus, Ohio,
and I already knew my grand Helen.
And when Brother Rutherford announced
the new name of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
she got real enthused about it.
So the first thing I did when I got
into my pioneer work was write to Helen.
Such a letter she wrote!
She said, “You didn’t tell me
the answer to the question I wanted to know.”
It was whether I was a pioneer or not.
I wrote, “I am a pioneer,
and I hope I always will be.”
And then we got a letter from Brooklyn,
asking us if we
were willing to go in the traveling work.
And we accepted,
and so we went to west Kentucky.
Aubrey and Bertha Bivens
were both from Kentucky too.
Do you know how it is
when a couple of brothers
are good friends
and their wives are good friends?
When we went to Gilead,
we were already good friends.
But then a surprise came:
We were assigned to Guatemala.
And would you believe it?
We were assigned
with the Bivens in the missionary home!
So when they were assigned to Puerto Barrios,
it was a sad thing.
It was a real heartbreaker
to separate from the Bivens.
Then we were assigned
back to Guatemala City
to the branch office.
We had an active life.
We had many years of blessings.
We were very good as husband and wife.
And when my wife was sick,
it was very sad.
If I’ve come to the end of my life,
I beg Jehovah to take care of my David.
Thank you for him, Jehovah,
and for our marriage.
So wonderful and so happy!
The day Sister Helen passed away,
I went to his room.
And I was thinking:
‘I want to tell David that he is not alone
‘—that I can accompany him if he wants me to.
And I’ll be his traveling companion
whenever he needs me.’
I think he knew he’d had
an incredibly good life with Sister Helen
—a wonderful life—
but also that he had to keep on going.
He never isolated himself.
After Sister Helen died,
Brother David kept on serving
on the Guatemala Branch Committee
for another 18 years.
Then Brother David moved
to the Assembly Hall in San Lucas.
I think living in the Assembly Hall
has done Brother David a lot of good.
Every weekend he has the opportunity
to associate with the brothers and sisters.
We have assemblies.
And they’re not my assemblies,
but I know many of the people.
So I go down and say hello to them.
It’s like the Bible says about the Christians
—that is what made the difference—
that they loved each other.
Well, it’s wonderful.
I have lots of friends too.
My precious one,
I ask you to put this text on your desk.
It applies to you
and your long years of service to Jehovah.
Hebrews 6:10 says:
‘God is not unrighteous
so as to forget your work
and the love you’ve shown for his name.’